Why are you interested in homebrewing?
Enjoy being involved in process of what he’s consuming, explore interesting flavour profile.


How much experience do you have homebrewing?
 followup: What is your homebrewing setup?
Medium experience. Brewed couple batches of beer and mead, dad used to brew 2x month. Batches have been hit or miss.


8gal Pot with tap for boiling, glass carbuoy and capper, beer cooling.


What are some major issues that you see in your homebrewing process?
Sanitation is not ideal, process is really messy. Room temperature control.


How would you improve on your current setup?
 followup: How much does cost limit you in improving your setup? Is there a space limitation as well?
Nice to have temperature regulation, reading abv of solution, glass carboys that don’t break. Larger would be better for him.


How much control do you like to have when homebrewing? What aspects of your setup allow you easily control the process?
Having control of what goes in. User buys ingredients, the machine does everything. Control over how much is pitched.


What would your ideal small scale brewing setup look like?
Size of an industrial refrigerator/keg, hooked up to a water supply.


How much would you be willing to spend on that setup?
A few thousand bucks. Hundreds would sell better. $500-$1000 would pay off quickly. 


How do you think the home brewing market could be expanded?
It’s naturally expanding as people start liking beer more and more.


Are there any demographics that are often overlooked in the homebrewing market?
Product should look into professional brewing for large scale efficiency. Full-scale start to finish automation. Auto pitching, etc.


[Describe product before asking]
What do you think of this device? Is this something you would want?
Yes, definitely. I’d want to throw some ingredients in a machine, set some things, and have mead in 2 weeks.




How comfortable are you with autonomous fermentation? Is there something that would make you more comfortable with this device?
Comfortable with it.


What do you think our product should have that would improve the user's experience in brewing?
Display instructions, keep it simple. Cleanly layout instructions on how to pitch and throw in hops.